rules: updated sum expressions in alerts to be able to inject cluster labels in helm charts scripts (#7670)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: [dashboards](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/blob/master/dashboards): added NodeBecomesReadonlyIn3Days alert to notify user to take actions in order to avoid having storage in read-only mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [dashboards](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/blob/master/dashboards): add `NodeBecomesReadonlyIn3Days` alert for detecting storages that will switch to read-only mode soon.
```

Author: done
